Introducing Global Chat My first back-end portfolio project, using
Firebase. Here is the link on GitHub:
https://ashraf9932.github.io/Global-Chat/ Skills user: \#javascript
\#html \#CSS3 \#firebase Features built using Firebase: 1-Realtime
database 2-Firebase Authentication 3-Firebase storage 4-Firebase
AppCheck using (reCAPTCHA V3) What can you do in Global Chat? -Create a
new User using E-mail and password & set your user color and photo \[you
will receive a verification link through your e-mail\]. -You can reset
your password and receive a password reset link through your signed-up
e-mail. -You can sign in and out \[your account has to be verified to
sign in\]. -You can update your profile image, Bio, and user color
through your profile. -Once you have joined, you can send and receive
messages in the Global Chat room. -Messages also have features, so you
can reply to and delete your Messages (updates instant). -Every message
has its timestamp. -Chats have infinite scroll \[will load only the last
50 messages from the database till you scroll to the top and will load
50 more\]. -Chats have a scroll to the bottom button. -You can upload
and send images through chats, also links detected by RegExp and sent as
clickable. -You can create rooms with names and passwords, and others
can join. -You can kick others from your rooms, remove the entire room,
and leave your joined rooms. -You can change your rooms' passwords. -You
can view others' profiles if you both share the same room. -Toast
notifications for all errors and alerts. Thanks, and appreciation to
Professor Osama Mohamed
